feat: Add plan transition caveat PLUTO-680 (#1840)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/changing-your-plan-and-billing.md

Each organization on Codacy has a dedicated plan and associated billing. To make changes to the plan and billing of an organization, open your organization **Settings**, page **Plan and billing**.

<!--plan-caveats-start-->
!!! note
    -   If you're using GitHub Marketplace, update your billing details or cancel your plan directly on your [GitHub Billing page](https://github.com/settings/billing).

>     -   If you cancel your plan or transition between Enterprise plans, the Codacy UI may display old information for some repositories until they are reanalyzed.

Author: @RaquelHipolito @ajanczak 

Updated with your suggestions. Let me know, thanks!

Reviewer: @nicklem should it be more detailed stating something like: reanalysed manually and/or as new commits happen.

Reviewer: @nicklem should it be more detailed stating something like: reanalysed manually and/or as new commits happen.

Author: @RaquelHipolito

Good idea. I can link to the [relevant page](https://docs.codacy.com/faq/repositories/how-do-i-reanalyze-my-repository/).

```suggestion
    -   If you cancel your plan or transition between Enterprise plans, the Codacy UI may display old information for some repositories until they're [reanalyzed](../faq/repositories/how-do-i-reanalyze-my-repository.md).
```

Author: Upon review, I agree that your suggestion covers a use case I wasn't considering.

```suggestion
    -   If you cancel your plan or transition between Enterprise plans, the Codacy UI may display old information for some repositories until they are reanalyzed manually or as new commits happen.
```

>     -   If you cancel your plan or transition between Enterprise plans, the Codacy UI may display old information for some repositories until they are reanalyzed manually or as new commits happen.

Author: ```suggestion
    -   If you cancel your plan or switch to a different Enterprise plan, the Codacy UI may display outdated information for some repositories until they are reanalyzed manually or as new commits happen.
```

>     -   If you cancel your subscription or switch to a different Enterprise plan, some repositories may show outdated information in the Codacy UI. To update this information, reanalyze the repositories or push new commits.

Author: ```suggestion
    -   If you cancel your plan or switch to a different Enterprise plan, some repositories may show outdated information in the Codacy UI. To update this information, reanalyze the repositories or push new commits.
```

>     -   If you cancel your subscription or switch to a different Enterprise plan, some repositories may show outdated information in the Codacy interface. To update this information, reanalyze the repositories or push new commits.

Author: ```suggestion
    -   If you cancel your subscription or switch to a different Enterprise plan, some repositories may show outdated information in the Codacy UI. To update this information, reanalyze the repositories or push new commits.
```
